Viewing inputs through labels (#2759)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/knowledge-codemagic/build-inputs.md

Only workflows that do not require user input for values can be started with webhook events. If you want to use Git events or scheduled builds to automatically trigger builds for workflows with inputs, ensure that all inputs in those workflows have default values. Otherwise, the build will fail due to undefined inputs.

{{<notebox>}}

> Tip: If input values need to be viewed during an ongoing build under Build overview or on the builds page, you can achieve it through [labels](https://docs.codemagic.io/yaml-basic-configuration/yaml-getting-started/#labels). The following sample snippet can be referenced to achieve it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: To better distinguish builds based on their input values, you can display the chosen value in the Build overview or on the builds page by using [labels](https://docs.codemagic.io/yaml-basic-configuration/yaml-getting-started/#labels). The following sample snippet can be referenced to achieve it:
```

```
    inputs:
      xcode_version:
        description: Set Xcode version
        type: number
      publish_to_appstore:
        description: App Store publishing
        type: boolean
```

> and then, assign it to **labels**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, assign the input to  a **label**:
```
